so we all knew that this was going to be
a huge episode and we saw a lot of [ __ ]
go down in today's episode but of course
the main talking point is gonna be canon
killing detective howard before he even
finds out that he's his real father this
involved unix jacket which we're gonna
break down later on in this video and
also i have seen the episode 10 trailer
but bear in mind this recoup will just
talk about the events from this episode
itself and not the trailer for episode
10 because i don't want to spoil
anything for those who don't want to
know what happens in episode 10's
trailer but if you do then i will be
talking about this in my second video
recap which i'm going to upload later on
this evening but there was also going to
be revenge on the cards this week and
that's exactly what we saw with marvin's
rampage and marvin's rage with juke this
is something i expected to see but this
scene was something it was filled with
raw emotion heartbreak and a lot of hurt
and anger but we're gonna get to this as
well but as expected lou does survive
the fire and the attack but he's gonna
be out for a while but we're gonna break
down all things in episode nine in this
review and recap but of course if you're
new to the channel and you haven't done
so already then remember to smash the
subscribe button if you don't see
everything power book three and power
universe related let's start with the
episode started which is two days after
the events which unfolded in episode 8
and that's with marvin's rampage because
even though he was kicked out by the
family business by racking episode 8
there was no way he was going to let ud
get away with hitting his brother lou
marvin along with little rob roll upon
unique and jerome by the looks of it now
this is the first time we've seen jerome
whose unique son which was mentioned in
the very first episode we didn't know
how old he was or whether we'd see his
son but marvin gave zero [ __ ] and he
didn't care who was standing in his way
he was out for blood and he was out for
unique's blood but he missed again and
as expected he drops a body or two in
the process we all knew little rob had
to go as well he was on my death
predictions for this episode or next
week because he snitched on kanan and
that's one thing you don't do in the
world of power so unfortunately for
little rob he had to go but just
sticking with this whole situation with
marvin and rack we saw them at the
chapel in the hospital where raqqa said
that she was asking for forgiveness for
what she was about to do and that was
having kane and kill howard but we're
going to come to that in just a moment
but raquel told marvin that if you take
a shot at unique you better not miss and
marvin got some [ __ ] off his chest in
this conversation he told her that she
stepped in and took over because she's
better than he is she sees what he can't
see and thinks what he can't think but
he still deserves respect and i
definitely agree he does deserve respect
marvin had praised both rack and lou
when they were younger and rack tells
him that she can't do this without him
she needs him and she also needed duke
and kanan in this episode as well but
before this happened while marvin was
trying to get revenge for lou we need
tried to finish the job that he started
with the help of someone from the inside
two of unique's men got access and
walked straight into lou's room or what
used to be his room because luckily for
rock and loo detective howard still
smokes and he saw what was about to
happen but this is where howard told
raquel i'm gonna get a warrant for kanan
if i don't speak to him and as the older
king his narration told us there's
nothing more dangerous than someone
who's desperate and someone who has
nothing left to lose and he had this
written all over his face and at this
moment raquel knew that detective howard
had to go but then we cut to jukebox at
nicole's grave and jukebox was a key
chess move in raqqa's plan i'm sure most
of you caught it but we're going to play
out exactly what she did but coming to
jukebox and opening up to her about her
past about who she is how she was madly
in love with a girl named megan back in
high school and how her older brother
died and she felt as if it was her duty
to become a cop because that's what her
brother's plan was this told duke and
rak that this is a cop that likes juke
and someone who duke could turn to and
someone that would listen to duke and of
course we were going to see duke tell
raquel all about how berk was
approaching her and questioning her jew
told her about how detective burke
stepped to her and she knows that kanan
is behind the bad crack on the streets
and she thought there was a connection
between the death of d whiz and book 20.
duke told her about how bert came to her
before and she never said [ __ ] but rak
told duke in this conversation how
sometimes police are good friends to
have and she's right sometimes it is
very beneficial to have law enforcement
on your side just like our ghost had
with angela where she got ghost out of
many sticky situations and even started
to work with tasha at 1.2 to help tariq
we even saw harmony used a relationship
with ramirez to get more protection and
he was someone who got k9 out of a
sticky situation as well and this is why
soul is good to have someone on the
inside someone who's on your side and
this is what rap was teaching duke but
more importantly duke was a huge chess
move by raquel she put the wheels in
motion with feeding the information to
back through jukebox with duke telling
berg that unique was planning to hit the
cops who hit unique's rehab and that was
detective howard and now that detective
howard is dead of course duke's story to
berk lines up the jacket and the gun
will also line up and this is our rap
plan to frame howard's death on unique
and we are definitely going to talk
about rack having kane and kill howard
but we have to talk about this scene
first this was actually something i
brought up in my previous predictions
video yesterday but i said we might even
see this confrontation between marvin
and jukebox and this picture gave it
away to me marvin is known for snooping
around jukebox's [ __ ] just like we saw
him doing before in episode three and
this is what led him to find the
pictures of nicole and juke and the
videotape of nicole and duke singing
which of course was going to find its
way back to marvin and in typical marvin
range he smashes [ __ ] up and he actually
tears apart jukebox's room and then
confronts her about her sexuality he
even shows no remorse even when jukebox
tells him that nicole's now dead she
tells jukebox that she got what she
deserved but jukebox isn't someone who
backs down from a fight we've even saw
how she confronted situations head on
before in episode 3 and this is where we
see duke spit directly in marvin's face
which leads to marvin's slapping jew and
stepping on the tape of harry nicoles
which only provokes jukebox even more
now i knew there was going to be a
confrontation sooner or later between
these two characters but this is
something i did not expect when i was
watching this it was very reminiscent of
the scene where tommy strangled holly to
death but this scene tells us a lot
about these two characters one it gives
us another piece of the puzzle as to why
jukebox was so savage in power she
suffered a lot and even at the hands of
her own father and two this explains why
we're gonna see marvin having a
therapist in the second season where
he's gonna try and control his anger a
lot more with this therapist renee but
we're going to dive deeper into this
scene and this relationship between
marvin and juke in the coming week so
let's talk about raqqa's plan to kill
howard and initially this was actually
supposed to be lulu killing howard
instead of kanan because we all remember
harak made the phone call to lu telling
him to buy the rob and this is the plan
that she had with unique's jacket but
after the conversation that iraq had
with detective howard at the hospital
she knew that he had to go she already
made her mind up and as ken came into
the hospital he told raquel i wanna help
i wanna help you i wanna help uncle lou
just let me know what i gotta do and we
saw marvin pulling our gun for kanan as
they were cleaning the guns and scraping
the serial numbers off the guns as well
and just another little easter egg for
you guys which some of you may have
caught marvin told kanan you're king of
stock don't [ __ ] it up and we all know
where we've heard this before it's
something i've spoken about before with
how jukebox used to tell kanan to not
[ __ ] it up but kanan goes to raquel
who's helping him aim making sure he's
ready this is also where she mentioned
how tech nines are always jamming up and
you can never aim right with them which
is why we saw lou miss with warrell a
few episodes ago but rak told kane and
here when you put someone down you
better make sure they stay down she told
him you hit them twice where their heart
beats and once where they used to think
but raka never wanted to bring kanan
into this game even in the very first
episode when they were out in the beach
booking of shots and looking about the
stars she never wanted to have this
conversation that she was just about to
have with him she told kanan that i'm
gonna ask you to walk up to a man look
him in the eye and put him on his back
for good and she was asking him to kill
a man because the man on the other end
was someone who was trying to take
everything from them and she even
referenced him to shooting bug 20. she
said that this isn't some [ __ ] when
you're running on the corner and
spraying some fool this is up close this
is personal and it's got to be you that
pulls the trigger now does this sound
familiar let's rewind it back to power
and the hallucination that tariq had
something we spoke about earlier on in
the week kanan told to read the exact
same thing in his hallucinations that
it's going to be him who pulls the
trigger why because ghosts would never
see it coming from tariq and the same
could be said about this scenario raquel
told kanan that she runs through his
veins and he was in this [ __ ] before he
was even in it something that unique
told her in the very first episode the
rack told kanan that he needs to pull
the trigger and save her so let's talk
about kanan pulling the trigger on
detective howard putting on unique's
jacket just before he pulls the trigger
because when he did this will make sure
that there's gsr that is on unique's
jacket but kanan walks into the
courtyard and he sees the man that he's
about to put down and that's detective
howard he walks right up to him with
howard telling him that he spent his
whole day thinking about what he was
going to say and how he was going to say
it but before he even got a chance to
say anything else kanan does exactly
what racquet tells him to do he hits him
in the heart and in the head and kanan
kills detective howard before he even
gets a chance to tell him that he's his
real father and it does make sense as to
why kanan in season five told us that he
never knew his real father in a
conversation with tommy because he
didn't and i don't think caiden would
ever find out that howard was his real
father but another throwback to power
was in the older kingdom's narration he
tells us that he calls his best friend
to deal with the body and that's the
throwback to season three episode three
when duke said that she was his first
call when kanan dropped his first body
but this is something we're gonna dive
deeper on in my part two of my recap
later on this evening with some of your
comments but elsewhere in this episode
we saw raquel breaking up with symphony
because what means more to her is family
and she took a ride off her family but
symphony does care just before he left
he told rak to tell marvin that tony
can't be trusted we also saw raka's mom
in church and this was while kanan was
killing detective howard nicole's mom
said that she was going to try and take
justice into her own hands and we know
that's not going to end well for her and
we also see lou waking up in hospital
with nobody else by his side apart from
jessica because they were at war rack
finishing what they started in episode 8
but that was episode 9 and again one of
the best episodes of the season so far
with kanan killing detective howard his
own father just like tariq did and
that's why he saw tarikan himself so
drop all your comments down below in the
comment section because i'm going to be
back with part 2 of my recap later on
this evening where we'll talk about what
we saw in episode 10's trailer so drop
all your thoughts down below on marvin
and jukebox caden and detective howard
and some of the power easter eggs that
we saw during this episode but of course
if you're new to the channel and you
haven't done so already then remember to
smash the subscribe button and have the
notification bell turned on so when i
drop my second video this evening you're
the first to get it but as always thank
you guys for watching and i'll see you
next time